joke this freak a prep get two pros
together before through the morning
rings trilogy right now still ready here
we go
check this long post card for a country
that more New Zealand and sheep playing
rugby it's an epic run told Keith pages
and us until a pearl man for the ages in
the Shire it's a pleasant place with
meadows and trees and flowers and very
very front from the nazgûl and pundits
try to root actually Aragorn and lovelyz
tyler pick it up the Rivendell where
they meet agent spend my saliva my
crustacean boria cape trolls holy [ __ ]
Balrog you shall not bow later Gandalf
visit with the lesser where everybody
think visions in the water and even more
scary pain meanwhile darvon just kind of
chills and of course Sean Bean goes can
get themself kill power trio Lisa throws
down for the same damn so we won't drown
that's these are all about just a bunch
of roaches throwing out
[Music]
there are people here
fellowship is telestroke following Sam
on a lonely road till they meet a new
broker my perspective you want the help
but he wants depression march through
the force that a flashlight is turned on
no speed and of the white in Rohan worth
tailed up to something
you get that free King Benjamin Button
gotta leave the city so they don't get
soldered playing Aragorn put the Fayette
in starter holy imports on fourth attack
and then Tara Thornton I think air goes
back Pippin and Merry are also there to
growing out in the forest with hardened
what by LC we're so does get rattled
Merc I March cry it out for a battle
it's like kill count rain keep pouring
down more slam the door no it's a fourth
down till they turn around
ghetto back in town Rose don't ever let
a pro down
bro
they'll roll
so legit frozen to Isengard Dharam on
drugs when he dies hard parameter
wounded and his father in turn like the
pyre - fire - dad I think burn pelinore
field bunny horns in the witch-king
Legolas Gimli he's a friendly
competition data consciousness from
ghost hunt and Aragorn named no man that
victory appellant Ord only the Havasu
spider whoa photographic gaming of the
fighter
Oh custom extinct in the Fertile gets
taken but nobody's safe while Rudy's
rampaging now to do all of their burn
again
what I'm gonna do I can carry you the
pricebooks is like digit tables of a
third column in the ring is a lot of
thick burn water goes tits-up ghoul Rock
collapses Chinese pain really high
molested total waist up bro screams yo
smells another bed just bro we now but
we're not done yet
and we just came down this doesn't find
me immediately make out no hugs all
around hops don't bow down ended on a
zoomed-out a like you bros down oh we're
back in the Shire how the trick away the
event the transpired hey I'll meet the
girl and they quickly have a wedding for
event balls they've gotta be the ending
guess not second photos must pose needs
to wrap up writing the book and that's
gotta be it hold on though Rhoda's gotta
leave again on a boat and Lafayette
quick back in the Shire Babs got a
family cool man I'm tired goes upon a
beggin yellow door and nothing guy that
was the Lord of the Rings trilogy on its
recap rap
leave a comment letting us know what you
want to be dead we'll see you next time
[Music]
what's up guys thanks for watching if
you liked it click the box to the left
to see a playlist of all other recap
reps or click the box to the right to
see another Dell video and be sure to
hit that subscribe button to stay up to
date on all the way to smoke so Todd's
hands high I'm gonna go check you with a
pros whoops oh now